Oh, and the board needs
a slogan by end of day.
Yeah, on it. Just haven't quite
landed on the perfect one.
I asked you three weeks ago.
But I want it to
be really great.
Something that crystalizes
what this place is about.
Most people won't read it.
Okay. What about,
"hamilton east
animal shelter.
We love animals."
Okay.
Too basic. So basic!
This one's better,
"help! I'm a homeless animal
And I need a home
because I don't have one."
Bit long and explain-y.
I also cut out some
inspirational words.
"we have your next pet."
More of a ransom feel.
Right.
Is that a pro or a con?
Don't overthink it, okay?
Just something simple
and brilliant that
Instantly captures
peoples' hearts and minds.
Matching hearts,
finding homes.
No one needs to be alone.
Wait, what was that?
What did you say?
I don't know. Write it down!
Oh my god! Where's a pen?!
Was it, uh...
Finding hearts?
Homey homes? Home alone?
Stop saying words
when they're not right!
Uh! It was perfect.
Why are these always empty?
This isn't my phone!
Okay, go.
Nope, it's gone.
Okay, let's go
with the ransom note.
Good!
That thing took me hours.
♪ ...Cool ♪
♪ I love to call you mine ♪
♪ and whenever I'm with you,
my baby ♪
♪ I keep my fahrenheit ♪
♪ I never lose my cool ♪
Shannon:
Hey! My first guests!
Liam:
You've done wonders
with the place.
Welcome to the building, ross!
Liam, hugh!
Glasses are there.
Let's pop it off.
No, no.
That's for you.
Hugh's got a lot of work to do.
Right, hon?
Oh, yeah... I guess.
Aw, that's too bad.
You know what? I don't even
know what you do, mr. Mystery.
Well, I'm trained
as a dental hygienist,
But my passion is candle making.
And mine's butter churning.
He's not joking.
No, my latest is a honey jasmine
with soy wax and arnica oil.
It's kind of part of my, uh,
'back to basics' line.
Love it, and do you mix
them yourself, or...
Ooh. Trade secret.
In the bathtub.
Question, do you have any
that smell like a hotel pool?
'kay, we're gonna
time out here, ross.
Oh, no. Uh, at work I'm ross,
But here I'm shannon, or shans.
Nikki called me shannonna once
But, to be fair,
she was mid-yawn.
Probably thinking about candles.
Liam's not such
a fan of shop talk,
Or spending too much time
with people from work.
What?
I just think it's better
if we maintain boundaries.
Work-life balance, ross.
Right. I get it.
I was thinking the same thang.
You know, I'll bring by one
of my white laundry candles.
I mean,
it's not quite hotel pool,
But I think the hints of
bleach should get you there.
Oh.
♪ we can't eat ♪
♪ can't sleep, can't dream... ♪
♪
See you, babe.
Ah. Hey, man.
(meowing)
Mm. Smells good.
Oh, you can have me.
(meowing)
Uh, my food.
Oh, sorry. I'm about to
aspirate some cells.
Oh, it's okay. I'm sterile.
I mean my hands, not my...
Good weekend?
Yeah. Ravi and I
went free climbing.
Cool. Ah, how much
does it normally cost?
It just means
climbing with ropes.
Right. Yeah.
I never climb with ropes, so...
You climb?
Yeah.
I mean, smaller stuff.
Ah, trees and stairs.
Uh...
Oh! And I do orienteering.
Oh, fun!
Yeah.
You-you, uh, run through the
woods and find flags.
Wait, like the kids' game?
Yeah, we-- the kids
have their own division.
(knocking)
We're out of wilderness grain
so I gave you grass-fed beef,
No extra charge.
Unacceptable, deb.
Oh, no. The animals
prefer grass-fed, actually.
It's just pricier.
You can't let them
swindle you.
I said no extra charge.
Deal.
Oh, cool tattoo.
Yeah. It's a norse symbol.
My lady's convinced that we
met in a past life as vikings.
I think tattoos are hot.
I'd love for ravi
to get one, but--
But he's too scared?
No, he's worried that it would
camouflage his muscle tone.
(meowing)
Well, sounds like
ravi can't commit.
Well, it's not for everyone.
Well, no cold feet here.
Although,
hand circulation is an issue.
Put 'em in your pits.
Those are nature's mittens.
See ya.
Okay, time for lunch.
Oh, I'm good.
Okay.
♪ don't stop... ♪
♪ don't stop, I'mma be over ♪
(dog whining)
Aw. Who is this?
Javier!
Espera a mami!
Javier, abajo.
Abajo! Ven aqui!
Hola! Como estás?
Oh, ah, nosotras no
hablamos mucho español.
Oh, uh, nosotras no hablamos
mucho español.
Is she spanish?
Ah, I'm not.
Oh, good.
Oh, I don't mean "good,"
as in, like,
"I don't like spanish people."
we just don't speak spanish.
Except to our dog.
Who's spanish.
Aw. Love it.
I'm shannon, by the way.
Hi! Olivia.
This is my husband.
Hi.
George.
I'm george.
And this is javier,
our little dominican rescue!
Aw! He's so cute.
We have some
island rescues at work.
Sorry, I work at
hamilton east animal shelter.
You must know liam.
George: Of course.
Sorry. He doesn't mean that.
What?
I just said, "of course."
He's just a little bit pushy.
George or liam?
Both!
You know, not that I mind.
Twenty years in
the newspaper business,
I can handle it.
Mm-hm.
Well, if you ever want a little
companion for javier,
We just started a potcake
program at the shelter.
Really?
Mm-hm.
We just homed and dewormed
20 pups from turks and caicos.
Amazing.
You should pop by my place.
We can chat more about it.
Maybe you can even
write a little story?
"extree extree!
We got potcake pups!"
I'm sure that's
not how it works.
It's not, but our city desk
is always looking for stories.
Great! I'm in 504, by the way.
Oh, you're the one that
keeps losing her mitten.
He's a cat named middens.
Got ya.
Hey, paul.
And joy.
What's up?
You have tattoos, right?
Why, because
I been to prison?
No. No, I just--
I'm kidding. I got tattoos.
I can also make a shiv
and a toilet rosé.
Oh.
Can I see your tattoos?
The closest I've had
is a henna tattoo,
But I got
an allergic reaction,
So it looked like these
really beautiful hives.
Uh, yeah, I got a couple above
the equator I can show you.
"ella?" aw!
That's so sweet!
Yeah?
Yeah, it turned out pretty good,
If I do say so myself.
Did it hurt?
Like a mf, but I wanted to
keep ella close to me, so.
So romantic!
Well, ella's my daughter,
so, not so much.
Okay. Wrong word,
but, still, so romantic.
What's that?
Ah, that's not my best work.
You drew that?
Yeah.
I would love
something like that.
(both laughing)
What's so funny?
I laugh when I'm nervous.
A tattoo's a big commitment.
Maybe you should think it over.
Oh, you don't think
I'm man enough for it?
I wasn't thinking that.
I was.
No, I just think that
you're a really great artist,
And I thought it
would be nice if a friend
Gave me my first 'too.
Nobody calls it that.
Never mind.
I'm sure I can get someone else
to take my money.
Hundred bucks,
plus tax and tip.
Done.
Risk taking.
What a thrill.
Thanks, paul.
Paul:
Yeah.
And joy.
♪ on and on I go... ♪
(elevator bell dinging)
Liam!
God!
Don't do that.
Great news.
It's late, ross.
Can't this wait?
Some of us have plans.
I ran into olivia pacheva
from the herald.
Was that little beast
with her?
Javier's super cute.
I meant her husband.
Well, they're all great.
She's so fun and I convinced her
To write a feature
on the shelter. Holla!
What? This is a big deal.
Our shelter has
zero media presence.
I wouldn't say zero.
Okay, so we have
an ad in the coffee news
And we're on bumble
for some reason.
That was an innocent mistake.
And you know who's
all over social media?
Don't say puppy love--
puppy love animal shelter.
I hear they give
their dogs xanax.
Yeah, and they get them
professional headshots,
Which is why we need this.
Come on!
Olivia promised a big piece.
She promises a lot of things.
Feature, front page,
then nothing.
Do you know how many condo
stories I've pitched her?
She loves the potcake program.
Twelve, and it's not
just sales stories.
It's human interest.
"broken elevator brings
condo couple closer together!
Units available!"
Well, this time you
have a secret weapon.
Thought you'd jump in there.
It's me. I'm the secret weapon.
I'm just saying,
if she doesn't have time for
The condo king of east hamilton,
good luck, sister.
Hugh:
Hey, bubble bear.
Oh. So, is it, uh, condo king,
or bubble bear?
Work-life balance, ross.
♪
So, I was thinking
about your tattoo
And I found some
great ideas online.
Way ahead of you, joy.
What am I looking at?
An orienteering
compass.
Pretty badass, hey?
It shows I know
who I am and where I am.
Or what about this?
It's a medieval armour sleeve,
but it looks like it's breaking
Out from under the guy's skin.
I was thinking of something
that will show her--
I mean people
--that I'm committed and cool.
Oh.
Then how about this?
"never don't give up?"
It screams you.
It screams,
"I don't know english."
Mm. You're overthinking it.
What about a mountain
and a climber?
I feel like I know people
who would really like that.
Or "keep calm
and carry on?"
It says,
"keep clam and carry on."
That's just a typo.
Yeah.
A permanent typo.
You'd be surprised how
many there are like this.
Well, thankfully,
I am in good hands with paul.
The best. You want someone
you can trust, like an ex-con.
I didn't mean
that sarcastically.
No, I trust paul.
Right? Who doesn't?
I mean, the jury that
convicted him didn't,
But that was a long time ago.
Everybody makes mistakes
and, boy,
These pictures
are proof of that.
Do you want me to
forward you more ideas?
No! Thanks.
'kay, good.
'cause it's a lot harder
To find good examples
than I thought.
Uh-huh.
(sighing)
♪
Olivia and I talked
for almost two hours.
About what?
The shelter. My life.
Growing up in tatamagouche,
But having roots
here in hamilton.
Then I made a hair roots joke,
which didn't really land,
But we laughed anyway.
Tell me you were professional.
Psh, yeah!
We just got to know each other.
There's no such
thing as oversharing.
Then why do I know what
shaving cream you use?
Oh, and she loved
the potcake program.
I told her how
we were killing it.
The program,
not the potcakes.
And... She wants
to talk to you!
To me?
She wants your take on how
east hamilton is blowing up.
She said that?
No, but
She definitely said it was
cleaner. Can you meet her today?
Of course. Oh, my god.
So much to cover.
Green roofs, adhesive-free
floors, skyrocketing sales.
And maybe something
more personal?
I could throw out a cute
anecdote about hugh's start-up,
Get him some business.
Poor thing.
This is his latest.
Dessert sand chestnut.
Hm.
It smells like parmesan.
See? Just be yourself
and you'll do great.
Thanks, ross.
After the interview,
I'll come over
and tell you how charming I was.
Spoiler, extremely.
Ah, sorry.
Work-life balance, turner.
No, I'm meeting my aunt
and some of her gal pals
For karaokes if you
want to join.
There isn't a world.
I didn't think so.
♪
♪ get that feelin'... ♪
(knocking)
hi.
Just firing up
the ol' autoclave?
The internet said that's
the first thing you should
Ask about when getting a tattoo.
Yeah, I don't have
one of those.
Ah, but you're the first
person I'm using this on,
So should be okay.
Great.
Uh, I was hoping
to get this on my back.
A goose?
A flying crane.
Really looks like a goose.
It's not.
Well, I'll take a crack at it.
Just adjust this thing here...
Wow. Pointy, huh?
Yeah.
I guess that's a good thing,
needle-wise.
That way it can
really pierce the skin.
Yeah.
Over and over and...
(shuddering)
And over again.
You having second thoughts?
If I were, they would be,
like, "on second thought,
See first thought,
'cause this is definitely
a great thought!"
Okay.
Take your shirt off.
Ah, listen, a couple of
things we need to go over
For when we're done.
You need to keep the dressing
on for a couple hours.
It'll help absorb any of
the fluids
That might ooze
out of you.
Uh, by fluids
you mean, uh, ink?
Sure.
Also keep an eye out for
infection, chills, pain,
Fever,
purulent drainage.
More fluids,
uh, draining.
Purulently.
(sniffing)
Um, okay.
Let's, uh...
Hey, listen,
You don't have to do this
if you don't want to.
You know, there's no
shame in chickening out.
I mean, there is,
but your body, your choice.
No.
Let's tat this.
Okay.
(laughing)
(breathing deeply)
Here we go.
♪ if only you could
see what I see ♪
♪ I see, I see, I see, I see ♪
♪ if only you could
see what I see... ♪
Olivia: Hey, neighbour!
George: Hello.
Oh! Hey!
Look at us, two ships.
(chuckling)
We're just stepping out to
pasear el perro, right, javi?
Aw! Sounds perro-fect!
Oh! I spoke to liam.
It went great.
Piece'll be online tomorrow
and in print Friday.
Ah-mah-zing. Thank you.
Good night,
sharon.
(elevator bell dinging)
♪ resilient ♪
(barking)
Middens, stop barking.
George!
What-what are you doing here?
I live here.
Olivia:
Why did javier--
George, who are
you talking to?
Shannon?
Is she naked under there?
Oh, my god.
I should go.
Great read, by the way.
Was, uh, that a gift?
How did she get in here?
I left the door open.
I'm so sorry.
All the units
look so much alike.
It's okay.
Hopefully this is on right...
(grunting)
And I will def pay to
get that cleaned.
Though nacho dust
comes out pretty easy.
George:
Is that my mouth guard?
It didn't fit.
Oh.
Look alive, ross, code red.
There's an animal missing?
Oh, is that what that means?
Yeah.
No. This is important.
Olivia's piece was supposed
to come out today and it's not.
Instead, there's a feature on
how grapefruit gets rid
Of your eye bags,
which was actually quite good,
But nothing about my condos!
Or the shelter.
I'm sure she's just
doing a final edit.
I doubt it's anything
you or I did,
Or said, or didn't wear.
Right. Although...
What?
Did you hear something?
No, but I may have said
something. Maybe too much.
She asked me about
where I grew up,
Next thing I was showing
her my baby pictures.
Oh.
Then I took off my
socks mid-interview.
Why?
My feet were burning... Up!
She said it was fine.
She made me feel safe.
Oh, my god.
It was my george comment.
You gotta admit
he's kinda...
You said that?
Said it. Thought it.
Who knows?
I'd had a couple hits off hugh's
bubbler to take the edge off.
God, I blew this.
I'm sorry.
I'll call her.
And on the off, off
chance it was something,
We should remember that
everybody makes mistakes.
It is totes normal.
Don't try to make
me feel better.
Olivia's like my grade three
teacher, miss spencer,
And she used to
spit in my juice.
A fact I also
shared with olivia.
♪ on the way up to you ♪
♪ I'm all the way up for you ♪
Beep-beep.
Coming through!
Whoa!
Excuse me, ravi. Yeah.
There he is. Animal man.
Ifo training.
International federation
of orienteerers.
Gotta keep it tight.
We're just going to
go eat some salads.
Ravi:
Ah, yeah. It's this
new raw fusion place
I've been dying to try.
Well, I wouldn't die for
anything except my girl.
Later.
Yeah, okay. I'll see you.
(groaning)
Whoa!
Sounds like muscle moan.
Yeah, must be my
new workout regime.
Little something I call,
boulders on shoulders.
Is that safe?
Or it could be
the fresh ink.
My new tattoo.
Really?
We were just talking about that.
Yeah and I thought,
"let's just do this."
I mean, that's me.
I'm totally spontaneous
and totally tatted.
Wow! Living in the moment,
man. Kudos.
See? Some people
just do it.
Don't think it over
for three months.
Yeah, wha...
No big deal but, uh, check it.
What is it?
Ah, no.
It's-- it's a flying fish.
Oh wait, no!
Dragon in a flood.
Whatever it is, man,
I love it.
Soaring crane.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
It's just a bit blurry.
Kristian:
What?
Lara:
Oh, maybe the ink
hasn't set yet?
Ravi:
Oh! Hey! Now I see it.
So majestic.
What the heck?
I paid you for a tattoo.
That marker said permanent.
Paul!
Look, I was going to
give you a real one,
But then I figured
what's the point, you know,
After you passed out,
rolled over,
And fell on your clipboard.
Oh. I thought nikki
broke it.
Don't be embarrassed.
When I did my ella tattoo,
I thought I was
going to pass out.
I mean, I didn't.
I'm a man, but I get it.
So, you just
drew on my back?
Well, you just
seemed so nervous.
I thought maybe you should
give it a try first, you know?
A test run.
Now she thinks
I'm an idiot.
Who?
No one.
Look, do you know why
I wear long sleeves so much?
I just assumed eczema.
Because I'm not always proud of
what's under 'em, you know?
They remind me of who
I used to be, not who I am.
You're just saying that
to make me feel better.
No. I truly don't
care how you feel,
But if you're
going to get a tattoo,
You've gotta have
a good reason, you know?
And if you do ever
really want one,
I'll do it for free.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah.
I'll think about it.
And, hey, at least
I started working out again.
I'm actually pretty sore.
Well, that's where you
rolled on your clipboard.
Let me have this.
Hi, it's me again.
Shannon, from your bed.
Obviously,
big apologies there.
Also, totally out of character.
I had just kind of come
from a blow-out hang.
Karaoke.
There were seven of us
And the first person
bought a round,
So then everybody bought
a round-- it's not important.
Anyway, call me.
Wow. How bad was the sex?
It wasn't sex.
So, bad.
Are you vaping?
No.
Furnace is broken.
Chilly, huh?
I can smell the hazelnut.
I'm taking that.
Get your own.
'kay, I'm off.
Call me if you hear back.
And, don't worry,
we'll get this all sorted out.
He was there, too?
(laughing)
Oh, my god.
Stop stealing my vape.
Then don't leave
it at reception.
Shannon!
Oh, wow! Olivia.
It's good to see you.
So sorry
if I rambled yesterday.
George is a lovely man.
What?
Maybe we should
chat in my office?
I didn't put my
best foot forward,
Or feet that should
have been socked.
Oh, no,
you weren't the problem.
I mean,
the whole thing is mortifying
And it's so unprofessional.
Well, I'm sorry for
having a few drinks.
What?
I got drunk and I stumbled
into her apartment.
I fell asleep, naked,
and stole a pair of pants.
Yep.
It's like a Thursday for me.
It was an honest mistake,
unlike denying this shelter
Some much-needed publicity.
I really don't
know her that well.
It's those stupid unit numbers.
The fours look like ones
and the ones look like ls.
That's an award-winning font.
Look, please,
I didn't hold back the story
Because you were drunk.
I didn't publish it,
Because I taped over your
interview when I spoke to liam.
I feel like an idiot.
Maybe not like you do, but--
okay, we get it.
Liam:
So, my stuff's fine?
I was just here to
re-interview shannon,
And to take a photo
for the piece.
I mean, unless you don't want--
No, no, no, no, no!
We def do.
Yes.
We do.
Olivia:
That's great.
Oh, finally, some real exposure.
I mean, for the shelter.
You've already had yours.
Shut it.
Your building sounds awesome.
Units still available.
Shannon:
She says our
programs are outstanding.
That's a quote from you.
Okay, facts are facts.
Ah, and here you are:
"liam turner,
the shelter's board chair--"
"...Spoke at length about
his vision for the shelter.
While mr. Turner can
be overbearing at times,
I was slightly
charmed by him."
It's a compliment.
That's what you
get for opening up.
Don't take it too seriously.
I think you're alluring,
Exotic, a breath of fresh air
with valleys of mystery
And sensual confidence.
I know that's
a candle description.
But say it again.
Should I get more bubbly?
Actually, uh,
we should get going.
Oh, but sushi's
on the way.
And I just feel like a--
Yeah. Me, too.
Okay. I see what's going on!
Work-life balance, shans.
Oh, my god! You called me shans!
Bring it in.
I don't like
where this is going.
Mm. I can really smell
the hints of lavender now.
Thank you.
Oh my god.
♪ let's shake it up ♪
♪ it's kind of scary
but I'm loving the rush ♪
♪ my heart is racing like, oh ♪
♪ 'cause this feels like home ♪
♪ feels like home ♪
♪ yeah, it's true ♪
♪ look in the mirror
and I'm feeling so good ♪
♪ yeah, I've been
searching like, oh ♪
♪ this feels like home ♪